# GUI-for-multi-party-auctioning
Background The matching between demand and supply of components and materials across multiple sectorsis essential for the circular economy, to facilitate re-use and re-manufacturing of products and material. To make such matchmaking efficient, such matchmaking requires digitalized negotiation support, traceability of transactions and contracts definitionfunctionalities. Suppliers of post-use components and materials needthe possibility to offer their products and give the relevant information. Moreover, post-use material managers, including re-manufacturersandmaterial re-processors, and re-users needthe possibility to publish their capabilities and requirements or bid on their preferred products and materials. Matchmaking further demands a multi-party auction mechanismto achieve a market equilibrium between suppliers and demanders. Previous work includes automated contractual interactions and negotiations, but only in between pairs of stakeholders (not multi-party with three or more stakeholders). Multi-party contractual interactions, negotiations and auctioning arenow being addressed by EISLAB at LTU.  Open issue Assuming that solutions for multi-party contractual interactions, negotiations and auctioning will be developed, how should such mechanisms be visualized in a GUI and be connected to data and information sharing for the circular economy? Objective Demonstrate how GUI and data/information sharing for multi-party contractual interactions, negotiations and auctioning. 
